---
layout: post
title: Week 11 (27th Apr - 3rd Apr)
---

### Tutorial Meeting (27th Apr)
This was the final meeting before integration week started. We decided during this that we would use the Rosser Lounge as it provided us with workspaces and computers and could not be booked out by other groups. It was also decided that the program would be ready for testing by the end of Monday and that the Test Report should be finished by Thursday/Friday.

### Group Meeting
There was no formal meeting as this was integration week and the group was meeting everyday to work on the project.

### Weeks Work
I'll be breaking this weeks work down into each day.

#### Monday (6 hours):
Of the list of things that needed to be added today I was given the task of refactoring the Loading FXML and removing any duplicate code. In the process of this I came across an problem that was caused by the way the controller handled the loadFXML. To solve this Monte helped me out and showed me what to do, I created a LoadFXML class where I put all the button FXML events so that they can be called at use from this file instead of using the same duplicated code everytime a button is used.

#### Tuesday (6 hours):
On Tuesday I started testing as the system was complete. What I found was that the high score system and board did not update, the game would ask the user for a filename on a loaded grid and would accept both blank and special characters for the usernames and filenames.
Some parts were fixed and upon testing again I found that the only errors now were that both username and filename allowed the input of special characters.
I also found that if the BestScores.csv had no scores to begin with, which is probably the case when the game is played for the first ever time, then the game would crash when time was up.

#### Wednesday (6 hours):
The special characters error had been fixed and users could no longer use them for usernames or filenames.
When this was fixed however a few other errors started to occur.I was unable to progress past the save screen as the submit button no longer worked. When this occured I realised that I could not carry on a multitude of tests as I was unable to save new games and so could not see if the high score board updated or if grid and scores could be saved.
I also found that even though the load games folder had a previous game in it, this game did not appear in the load games list when clicked.

With the help of Connor it was found that this was due to a pathing error and was eventually fixed.

Many of these errors were caused by a knock on effect from the submit button not working as intended, once this was fixed and the pathing was sorted out many of the errors went away and I could test them again and found them to be working as intended.

Now that most or if not all errors had been fixed Monte and I decided that I should start looking at more obscure errors that could be caused while using the program as everything in the Test Specs worked. For example what would happen if the user deleted the file that they intended to load? Or what happens if the game they are playing is deleted?

#### Thursday (6 hours):
Now that the system followed the Test Spec and was in full working order I worked on finding the more obscure errors.
Most of the errors that I found should not really happen unless the user goes into the files of the game and starts tinkering. Despite this I did find one error that whilst it didn't break a functional requirement it did make the game unplayable.

The error I found was what happens when the user sets a username in a game scoreboard to contain an absurd amount of characters. If the username was 30+ characters then the background where the scoreboard lay would begin to strech across the screen and would move behind the game board making the score unreadable and the game look completely wrong.
This was fixed and the usernames are limited to 15 characters and filenames to 25 characters.

I also found an error where if the user changes their score to a minus in the files then the games does not update these accordingly, and if the time is set to a minus number then the game simply gets stuck on the game screen.
If the savedGames folder is completely deleted then the game is unable to save anything what so ever and so cannot save games or update the highscore board.

Now that everything was done I started on the Final System Test for the Final Report and the Acceptance Testing. The system passed every test I had for functional requirements and all the acceptence tests. I then completed the Test Report of which the template had already been laid out for me by Sam, adding outcome explanations where applicable.

#### Friday:

### Other Topics
No other topics for this week.

### Time
* Time this week: 0
* Total: 41
