---
layout: post
title: Week 3 (16th Feb - 22nd Feb)
---

### Tutorial Meeting (16th Feb)
This was my first scheduled meeting with the group where Laurence was present and I am to provide him with a mugshot.
Previous matters:
Monte completing his report on the timer, it now counts down as it is supposed to and is able to perform an action upon reaching zero.
For the previous weeks problem of tile proximity that was completed with the decision being to use a hash map to implement it.

New matters:
Taylors blog was currently unavailable and would need to be corrected.
Rhys being unable to access our blogs which as project manager he needs access to make sure we are on track with our blogs and actively updating them. He should also include a link to all other blogs on his blog for ease of access for Laurence.
Most documentation was incorrect as they say group 8 instead of group 3 and would need to be changed.
The test specification and user interface documents must be ready for submission for the coming Friday 23th Feb.
Connor is to experiment with the hash map for storing words in the dictionary, looking at the trade off between time and memory usage.

A new role was also set, with Sam being our Deputy Quality Assurance Manager. We have yet to appoint a Deputy Project Leader and so Rhys will pick for the coming meeting.
For the most part everyone was simply carrying on with the tasks they had been assigned with myself working on the Testing Specification.

### Group Meeting (20th Feb)
In this weeks group meeting all were present bar Matthew.
The first matter was that of the blogs and Rhys having a link to them all. Most were posted in the group chat during said meeting including my own. Connor is still testing out the hash map to see if it is the best implementation. There was no final working interface for the group to see as this was Matthews job and he was not present.

My task of finalising the draft of the Test Specification for review on Thursday was ongoing. We are also still unsure as to what we should write the documents in for them to have a uniform look. Some want LaTeX however not everyone is able to use LaTeX and so have been writing in different programs such as Microsoft Word, Libre Office or Google Docs. This will need to be decided so all documents share the same apperance in the future. My personal vote is that we should write them in anything be it Google Docs or Word and when the documents are finalised they should be transfered into LaTeX.

### Weeks Work
This week my work was editing the Testing Specification document so that it fulfiled the Quality Assurance document. This involved making sure the format was correct, the objectives clearly laid out, relevant QA documents cited, document history inlucded and the test plan and specs clearly showing what tests where to be done, how they would be done and what constituted a successful test. On Thursday 22nd Feb we had a small quality assurance meeting where we went through the Test Spec and UI documents and made notes of where it did not fit the QA spec, such as with formatting, spelling errors, tests not explained clearly or function requirement tests not even present in the document.

### Other Topics
No other topics to write about.

----
****
