---
layout: post
title: Week 4 (23rd Feb - 1st Mar)
---

### Tutorial Meeting (23rd Feb)
This weeks tutorial meeting was over in a short space of time due to many of the tasks being completed on time thus putting the group ahead of schedule.
The first matter was around the Hash Map, the dictionary took 670ms to load which is within the Functional Requirements of under a second. This is compared to the linear search which took 250ms to load in the dictionary. However all actions that used the dictionary after the Hash Map had loaded were instant and so it was concluded that the Hash Map would be the better solution.

### Group Meeting (28th Feb)
My main job for this week is to test the working UI demo once Matt has completed it.
Whilst I have completed the bulk of the Test Spec it was still in dire need of reformatting to match the other documents, this was passed onto Sam to do as she is more familiar with LaTeX than I.
 
Alice is to continue work on the design specification however it is noted that all group members are expected to write in this document as we begin to write our code.

Whilst not been given this work directly, back end coding can now be started whenever a group member wishes. Connor is in charge of this code and will make a list of classes that will be put up as an issue on Gitlab which other members can complete at their leisure.

### Weeks Work
As the UI demo was not completed this week I am unable to write about it during this blog and so will have to give an update in next weeks blog.

### Other Topics
At the request of Connor I will start to learn some more JavaFX so that when the work week comes when we have an entire week to dedicate to the project I will be able to help out with more front end UI work as testing will only be able to be done once the program is actually in a useable state. This will also make things easier for Connor who does not wish to touch the front end UI.

### Time
* Time this week: 4
* Total: 20
